README.md, before:

## Hi 

I’m Frank Manja — I am obsessed with applying Generative AI to real world applications. My career journey has included Dept. of Justice, Dept. of Energy, IBM, Emory University and The World Bank.

With over a decade of federal-service and private sector experience, I bridge the worlds of human capital, enterprise analytics, and cutting-edge AI/ML/cloud engineering. I employ a diverse set of technologies (ChatGPT, Claude, Llama, AWS, Vercel, Redis, Postgres, Oracle, Python, SQL, React, Next.js and TypeScript) to turn data, systems, and processes into strategic advantage.

Feel free to connect with me on LinkedIn, https://www.linkedin.com/in/frank-manja-b6986617/. 

## Projects

<b>AI Position Description Generator</b>

An AI-powered tool to generate professional federal government job descriptions using AWS Bedrock with Claude 3.5 Sonnet. Built with Next.js 16, TypeScript, and deployed on AWS EC2. 

<b>Features</b>

✅ Generate professional federal government job descriptions using Claude AI via AWS Bedrock

✅ OPM (Office of Personnel Management) job family and series data integration

✅ Support for multiple pay scales (GS, SES, ES, SL, ST, and others)

✅ Zod validation for all form inputs (client-side and server-side)

✅ Clean separation of concerns: React components call Next.js API routes

✅ TypeScript for type safety

✅ Loading states and error handling

✅ Field-level validation with user-friendly error messages

✅ Responsive design with Tailwind CSS

✅ EC2 deployment

<b>License</b>

Apache 2.0

<!--
**fmanja/fmanja** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with project clone link and fixes
Added project cloning information and fixed minor typos.

README.md, after:

## Hi 

I’m Frank Manja — I am obsessed with applying Generative AI to real world applications. My career journey has included Dept. of Justice, Dept. of Energy, IBM, Emory University and The World Bank.

With over a decade of federal-service and private sector experience, I bridge the worlds of human capital, enterprise analytics, and cutting-edge AI/ML/cloud engineering. I employ a diverse set of technologies (ChatGPT, Claude, Llama, AWS, Vercel, Redis, Postgres, Oracle, Python, SQL, React, Next.js and TypeScript) to turn data, systems, and processes into strategic advantage.

Feel free to connect with me on LinkedIn, https://www.linkedin.com/in/frank-manja-b6986617/. 

## Projects

<b>AI Position Description Generator</b>

An AI-powered tool to generate professional federal government job descriptions using AWS Bedrock with Claude 3.5 Sonnet. Built with Next.js 16, TypeScript, and deployed on AWS EC2. You can clone the project from https://github.com/fmanja/nextjs-hrpdgenerator. 

<b>Features</b>

- Generate professional federal government job descriptions using Claude AI via AWS Bedrock

- OPM (Office of Personnel Management) job family and series data integration

- Support for multiple pay scales (GS, SES, ES, SL, ST, and others)

- Zod validation for all form inputs (client-side and server-side)

- Clean separation of concerns: React components call Next.js API routes

- TypeScript for type safety

- Loading states and error handling

- Field-level validation with user-friendly error messages

- esponsive design with Tailwind CSS

- C2 deployment

<b> Documentation </b>

- Security
- Architecture
- Deployment

<b>License</b>

Apache 2.0

<!--
**fmanja/fmanja** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
